of carnival, first of all, you think
travel to chile if I had the
opportunity I would like to go all
Latin America I would like to go to
latin america good to all america but
is already in the USA until that part is
liquidated
and I too would go all
europe and by some streets of ace
if you were an animal what would I like
the ferrets but it's not an animal that
like to be
you can choose a dog because if you
adopts a normal family as
during eating and you walk around and you have a
home and it should be fine and you're not going to
class and that's what interests me and
I always tell my dog ​​that he has
luck because he does not teach
I like snow as a child
I loved it worse has gotten disgust because
I used to live in Madrid than in Madrid
it snows but I've moved to Cádiz in
head and beach and it does not snow but I have lived
in madrid 12 years and 32 12 years over
snowy 7 and I'm a little fed up
5 what your subscriptions mean for
you good to me is an incredible support me
the main dick at the level of the first
video to upload to follow because I
I was bored like that one day and I said I'm going to learn
to use moviment care and I'm going to make a
video to upload your attitude
it's a disgusting video you have in my
channel is still called are and my water yes
wants to be attic
I like to leave here on the link
r
and then people start to see it and then
I also made a kuduro dance album and
and people started to see it and started
write more people and then I learned that
you could also do with him very baker
effects that you want to approach or move away from
of the photo is an advance for me
and that keeps making videos because I have
with my subscribers because I like it
do what I like
and a lot of support Italy I have I think
I'm 400 and so it came to 500 and
I do not know, it's amazing that I have
so many
6 a lot of TV support
it is mainly the day the word
and as it is said I am also like
as encouragement is not the word but
well you understand me nothing
flex I like you with that
life story we have not thought
in my novel in the story that I have a
blogger
is the sister of sonic with which is
princess just like sanz and that is
the prince
well he won three prince in the
comics and in underground vic and such and
well, his parents sue frank
that the small part sends that state of
a lady raised that was what I put in
a chapter I believe and then to live there with
your cousins ​​and uncles that is good with your
uncle and his cousins
alone and named one of the cousins who
it's manny that they already burn and that is
sonic brother but in my story of
blogger is the cousin because I feel like it
and uncle this chat that I invented that
is the father of mari was not invented vigo
lives
have pets and dogs a dog
call photo and it's a saquillo interests if
you want to work look at youtube
better better better know if I had to
to choose
so my cousin is not worth my cousin
It is also on YouTube if not then
killer 516 I think the numbers now yes
I have not learned them yet
I believe that yes no
good to the snows
because since when I was little when
small with ten years so I found out about
that our reality the most poisonous fish
of the world the weight the rockfish that is at
it seems camouflaged that you shit and is
the interest of looking
Have you ever been to Spain?
Spanish
Celeste questions of anger can be
I do not know its pronunciation
questions first would you give me that has
adopted in this yours is you would like
would be of good misery worth four that
line to pass half drawing the
compu then I have small good
little one that makes you I'm with tell
little
when I started to draw that was a
year and a half or two maybe it did
a photo with the phone and put it card
on the computer and what happened
and drawn but now I have the printer
in my room and I can scan it then
what I do scan
53 and diesel vocaloid as pronounced
he says he does not know how to write himself
pronounce because I do not know what is the other
power
I do not know the same sounds to me but I do not know
questions of charly right since
you leave your favorite sonic character
I have a hard time saying it
from small again small when I
believe lina was evidently because it says
line up more and from me
now
I really like cosmo
cosmos I do not know is a character that since
who enter are and that May charm
before seeing bersani cakes for me
such as he was an outcast because
I did not have boyfriend girlfriend is boyfriend
God I put to you of homosexual no but
that he did not have a girlfriend italy, he did not take it
as marginalized but then and a few very
I said there how they are together and I
loved things
so I
but I'm not drawing them in the video
in video that is a record challenge in
the one that I do that in it and there's
how it came out decent but not drawn
of the face and it does not look like an onion
green and 26 draw it well but I
love 3 you have to fill if one
done I can put the link that the
sky description with agreement